---
title: "Kickoff SORSE on September, 2nd"
category: news
permalink: /programme/kickoff/
tags:
  - announcement
sidebar:
  nav: programme
id: 1
time:
    start: 2020-09-02T13:00:00Z
    end: 2020-09-02T15:00:00Z
registration_url: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSetlGKtfCxxaAjtHEGxaQ58o360tn9y5BTqHypvc2qnly5CnQ/viewform
meeting_url: https://zoom.us/j/95982897830
last_modified_at: 2020-09-02
---
To kick our series off, we’re delighted to announce that the SORSE Launch
Event will take place 13:00-15:00 UTC on Wednesday 2nd September. We’re
pleased to be welcoming two keynote speakers at this event:

- Dr Mariann Hardey, Associate Professor, Durham University: _Switching off the label "women in tech"_
- Dr Kari Jordan, Executive Director, The Carpentries: _I wanna dance with somebody_

<div>
    {% include registration-button.html %}
    {% include zoom-button.html %}
    {% assign time = page.time %}
    {% include add-to-calendar-button.html %}
</div>

The session will begin with a short welcome and introduction to SORSE followed
by two 30 minute keynote talks. Dr Mariann Hardey will speak on the subject of
women in tech and Dr Kari Jordan will speak about the Carpentries (both
recorded). Further details and abstracts can be seen below. The talks will be
followed by time for questions and then an opportunity for further discussion
and networking in breakout rooms.

## Joining instructions
The event will take place as a Zoom Webinar and will switch to a regular Zoom session for discussion and networking in breakout groups. Connection details
will be sent to all registered participants in advance of the event.

If you haven't registered, you can still join by clicking the _Join_ button
above.

## Mailing list
A mailing list that will be used only for event updates and notifications is
available. If you’d like to be notified of upcoming SORSE events, you can join
the list [here](https://www.listserv.dfn.de/sympa/subscribe/sorsenews).

We hope that many of you will be able to join us for what we’re sure will be
two interesting and insightful talks on 2nd September.

## Agenda
Times in UTC.
- 13:00
  - Webinar opens with a welcome from the Chair, Sandra Gesing
  - About SORSE - from Claire Wyatt
  - The International Committee - from Stephan Janosch
  - Future events - from Mateusz Kuzak
- 13:15 - Talk from Dr Mariann Hardey, Associate Professor at Durham University: "Switching off the label 'women in tech'"
- 13:45 - Questions for Dr Hardey
- 13:55 - Talk from Dr Kari Jordan, Exective Director, The Carpentries: "I wanna dance with somebody"
- 14:25 - Questions for Dr Jordan
- 14:35 - Off to the zoom meeting for socialising!


## Kickoff talks
{%- for post in site.events -%}
{%- capture name -%}{{ post.path | split: "/" | last }}{%- endcapture -%}
{%- if name == "event-001.md" or name == "event-002.md" -%}
{% include event-card.html %}
{%- endif -%}
{%- endfor -%}
